d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/075658c8-img_3.webp
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/0de788c8-img_13.jpg
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/16ece2a1-img_12.webp
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/23c76df1-img_7.webp
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/26b5151c-img_4.jpg
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/297073ca-img_7.jpg
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/2d760033-img_9.jpg
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/3c8405be-img_5.jpg
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/45cbf291-img_4.webp
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/4c65116b-img_3.png
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/4c926139-img_15.jpg
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/5e3da818-img_3.jpg
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/630dba31-img_11.webp
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/66d49efb-img_1.jpg
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/6700cce5-img_12.jpg
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/775aeaf1-img_2.jpg
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/815278cd-img_2.png
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/84d46c7a-img_10.webp
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/860e3e1b-img_14.jpg
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/87a32647-img_5.webp
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/913be54c-img_6.webp
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/9458c9e0-img_10.jpg
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/94af87b0-img_8.webp
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/9e2fc4af-img_1.webp
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/model_full.cfg
d:\Design\Google Drive\Pessoal\Educação\Católica de Santa Catarina - Pós-Graduação\07 - Visão Computacional\CatolicaSC_VisaoComputacional_Entrega02\Projeto\02_ambiente_treinamento\datadata/train/model_tiny.cfg
